ADS

Advertisements and web page counters.
Ads are often putting a high load on proxy servers and available bandwidth.


P2P

peer-to-peer file sharing and file upload/download sites.
Usually contain illegal copies of movies/shows, warez, nudity etc.


PROXIES

Sites that can be used to download content of other sites.
Proxies are used in an attempt to circumvent a URL filter.
URL rewrting sites.


ADULT

Sites suitable for adults only (not only sexual content).


WAREZ

illegal software, illegal software codes, hackers sites.


ILLEGAL

illegal acts


VIOLENCE

violent behaviour.


GAMBLING

gambling


DRUGS

hard drugs, soft drugs, penis enlargement drugs, medicins


WEBMAIL

private email accessible with a web browser.


DATING

Love, dating, romantic poetry, and friend sites.


CHAT

IRC and chat


FORUM

sites where people exchange non-business information.


PRIVATE

Blogs and sites of private persons, private web disk, private file stores,


AUDIO-VIDEO

audio and video streams (a tv station is usually in the entertainment category).


SPORTS

sports


FINANCE

banks, insurance companies, stock markets, stock brokers


JOBS

job applications


GAMES

games and sites about games


ENTERTAIN

Entertainment, lifestyle, hobby, arts, museums, food, restaurants, fashion, electronic cards, 
magazines, horoscopes, desktop wallpapers, clip art, fotos, portals, events, 
fansites, meditation, baby-related, child sites, file sharing,
religion, non-business private interest.


SHOPS

shops, price comparisons, and auctions aimed at consumers (b2b is excluded).
vendors of consumer products.


TOOLBARS

Google toolbar and many other toolbars.  
Toolbars are often putting a high load on proxy servers and available bandwidth.
Any site that potentially puts private or company files on the internet.


TRAVEL

travel agencies, airliners, tourism sites, hotels, holiday resorts


NEWS

news, opinions


CHECKED

URLs that are verified not to be part of any category and hence always
allowed by the URL filter.  This is a "hidden" category that is used 
to track uncategorised URLs.


URLs may be part of 2 categories, e.g. www.usatoday.com is news while 
www.usatoday.com/sport is in news and sport.
The nature of the content is more important than the sctrict definition,
so an advertisement with a nude person is classified as adult rather
than advertisement, and a forum about games is classified as games
rather than a forum.

The general impression is also taken into account when a site is categorised.
For example, most buyers at ebay.com are consumers rather than business users
and therefore ebay.com is considered to be a shop for consumers and part
of the shops category.


